Story:
This is the story of Frog the Scientist. His mission is to:
	
	Frog the Scientist goes outside to perform his usual stargazing, but he notices that
		all the stars have disappeared! Even the moon is gone. The night sky is black.
		He lights his trusty floating lantern robot, and begins to conduct research on 
		why this has happened. 
		His new ultimate goal is to build a ship and investigate from space.
	The research requires the study of biological material or "nutrients".
	He begins harvesting nutrients by catching bugs in the air. He first uses his
		tongue to catch the bugs, but soon invents a method to catch bugs automatically.
		He invents a "Bug lamp/baloon", a floating lamp that collects bugs using its 
		ambient light. I am thinking it floats around gently like a fire lamp(??).
		These will begin to look like stars, once the player has purchased enough of them
	
	My clever idea for this alternate path is that once the frog has completed his research,
		he will have essentially returned the night sky to it's former beauty, due to his
		inventions.
---
TODO:
	[ ]: Primary Generator Upgrade
		[x]: Create Button that upgrades primary generator
		[ ]: Add proper scaling factor
		[ ]:
	[x]: Allow user to hold click to gather primary resource
	[ ]: Allow user to hold click to gather secondary resource
	[ ]: Make well and water an unlockable
	[ ]:
	[ ]: Change name references
		[ ]: Change generator references to "Bug Lantern"
		[ ]: 
	[ ]: Allow player to use caught bugs to turn into nutrients
		[ ]:Change 'click' back into catching bugs. 
			[ ]: Do not increment nutrients from catching bugs, only increment bugs caught
		[ ]: Create way for player to convert bugs into nutrients
		[ ]: Create bug resource
---
Code notes:
This is a bunch of notes and observations on the code of my game.
A Production Rate variable in my GeneratorManager is what dictates the amount of resources.

Generator seems to be a good base for other self-contained systems. 
---
Possible resources to add for complexity:
	Water:
		Used for keeping health(?) high. 
	
	Well: Used to extract water. Requieres clicks. 	
	Progress Bar on bottom that fills up after enough clicks
		Clicks on well fill water bucket. Requires > 1 click to fill bucket. 
---	
Resource philosophy:
	Each resource should be "self contained", in the sense that each resource 
		has a primary function. For example, 'spirits' in Magic Tower only allow
		for the player to purchase units(independant resource gatherers, like druids)
	After obtaining a substantial amount of resources, allow a major upgrade and
		a gamestate change. For example, after getting x of resource 1, 
		and y of resource 2, a new building is built. This new building introduces
		new resources and a new way to speed up primary resource production.
	Present a way to automate every currency. We'll use Generators as example.
		Present a way to increase speed of generators, using primary resource.  
		This is on top of buying more generators.
--- 
Progression:
	Initial state: Player can only catch bugs and convert into nutrients. 
	First major upgrade: First major unlock should be 'Research Building'
		Research building allows for player to unlock various technologies:
			1. Bug Lantern
			2. ???
	WHEN A BUILDING IS UNLOCKED, A NEW TAB WILL APPEAR ON THE RIGHT QUADRENT. 
		THINK A BOOKMARK
	Second major upgrade: Second major unlock should be 
	
	
---
Resources & Generators:
	Resources:
		Primary Resource:
			Nutrients: Nutrients is the primary resource of the game.
				BUGS AND NUTRIENTS ARE DIFFERENT
			
		Secondary Resources:
			Bugs: Bugs is one of the things the player can turn into Nutrients.
				When a player catches bugs, they'll have an option to 'Convert into Nutrients'.
				This can be thought of like "cashing out". 
			
	Generators:
		Primary Generator:	
			Primary generator will be Bug Lantern, which will be a floating lantern with a light.
				It should look like chinese lantern in the night sky
				
		Secondary Generators:
			
	Upgrades:
		Primary Resource Upgrades:
			Increase Brightness: This upgrade will increase the effectiveness of the lantern
									Specifically, the speed at which it catches bugs.
		
		Secondary Resources:
---
Buildings:
	Research Building: A building where Frog can research and invent new technologies
		Maybe new skills that would go on a sort of 'taskbar'?
	Observatory: A building where Frog can unlock passive upgrades.
		The player will get upgrades by observing constellations

Costs:
	Building costs:
		Research Building: 25 Nutrients
		
		Obsertvatory: 2000 nutrients

UI:
	The right-hand side is the players vertical notebook. think of a small spiral
		bound notebook. that sort of thing. tabs should be on the bottom, like bookmarks
	
